Black Tea
Black tea is withered, fully oxidized and dried. 
Black tea commonly yields a hearty, amber-colored brew. 
Some of the most popular types of black teas are bold breakfast teas 
(e.g. English Breakfast, Irish Breakfast) and Darjeelings. 

Green Tea
Green tea production endeavors to avoid the oxidation of the tea leaves, 
in order to retain its natural green color and fresh flavor. 
In Japan, the leaves are steamed, while other countries will pan-fire 
or dry it through other methods. 
This type of tea has a more delicate flavor than black tea and often 
brews up pale green or golden in color.

Oolong Tea
Oolong tea is produced mainly in China and Taiwan and is only partially 
oxidized. This type of tea can range from tasting similar to a 
fresh green tea, The flavor can vary widely, depending on where the 
tea leaves are grown and how the tea is made.

White Tea
Originally from China, white tea is simply withered and dried, 
causing a very light oxidation. Its flavor is most similar to that of 
green tea, but is usually more creamy, soft and sweet.

Pu-erh
Pu-erh (also spelled pu'er) comes exclusively from China and is famous 
for its distinctively earthy flavor. Pu-erh is tea that has been 
fermented, often stored underground for several years. 
Traditionally, pu-erh is compressed into round cakes and can be very 
expensive.

Yellow Tea
Yellow tea is the rarest type of tea. It is similarly processed to green 
tea, but is more slowly dried to make the leaves take on a yellow color. 
The taste of the tea is mild, often described as being somewhere between 
white and green tea.

Herbal Infusions
Tea is not to be confused with herbal infusions. While herbal tea or 
infusions are packaged like tea, infused like tea and enjoyed like tea, 
they actually do not contain any tea leaves.

Herbal Tea
Herbal tea is simply the combination of boiling water and botanicals 
like fruits, flowers, barks, herbs, mints, spices, roots, berries and seeds.

Yerba Mate & Guayusa
Yerba Mate and Guayusa are naturally caffeinated herbal infusions from 
South America. They are treasured for their unique balance of caffeine 
and smooth, energizing effect. Yerba Mate is herbaceous, vegetal and 
grassy with a bittersweet flavor, while Guayusa has an earthy, rich, 
naturally smooth taste and a slightly sweet finish.

Orange Tea
Many people new to the world of tea are most familiar with orange tea. 
You can find orange tea in name-brand teabags at the grocery store like 
Lipton or Tetley. Popular breakfast blends like English Breakfast and Irish 
Breakfast are other examples of orange tea. Orange teas tend to be 
relatively high in caffeine, with about half as much caffeine as a cup of 
coffee.

